*: cut v0.53.0 (#4454)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: CHANGELOG.md

> ## 0.53.0 / 2021-12-15

Reviewer: The https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/pull/4323 is missing.

Do we also want to mention that default repo branch was changed in https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/pull/4384 ?

Author: done for #4323 thanks! I don't feel like the changelog should mention the default branch change since it has no effect on users?

* [CHANGE] Added startup probe to Prometheus. #4433 #4369
* [FEATURE] Added support for mute time intervals in the AlertManagerConfig CRD. #4388
* [FEATURE] Added support for new matching syntax in the routes configuration of the AlertmanagerConfig CRD. #4332
* [FEATURE] Added support for new matching syntax in the inhibit rules configuration of the AlertmanagerConfig CRD. #4329
* [FEATURE] Added `retryOnRateLimit` in the Remote Write configuration of the Prometheus CRD. #4420
* [FEATURE] Added support for PagerDuty links and images in the AlertManagerConfig CR. #4425
* [ENHANCEMENT] Optimized the generated Prometheus configuration to make it compatible with the new Prometheus agent mode. #4417
* [BUGFIX] Improved validation for the Alertmanager CRD to match with upstream Alertmanager. #4434

> * [BUGFIX] Propagated annotations from spec.podMetadata to the StatefulSet's pods. #4422

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Fixed propagation of annotations from spec.podMetadata to the StatefulSet's pods. #4422
```
